LNbits & Zeus guide (#354)
Start9Labs/documentation: site/source/user-manual/service-guides/lightning/zeus-lnbits.rst

      :width: 40%
      :alt: activated-click-extensions

#. Click **ENABLE**:

   .. figure:: /_static/images/services/lnbits/extensions-enable.png
      :width: 40%
      :alt: extensions-enable

#. Click **OPEN** *or* **LndHub** under *Extensions*:

   .. figure:: /_static/images/services/lnbits/lndhub-open.png
      :width: 40%
      :alt: lndhub-open

#. Make sure the wallet you just created is selected below the two QR codes:

   .. figure:: /_static/images/services/lnbits/lndhub-select-wallet.png
      :width: 40%
      :alt: lndhub-select-wallet

#. Install `Zeus <https://zeusln.app/>`_.

#. Open it up and click **SCAN NODE CONFIG**.

    .. figure:: /_static/images/services/lnbits/scan-node-config.jpg
        :width: 25%
        :alt: scan-node-config

#. *If you only want this wallet to be able to RECEIVE PAYMENTS, scan this QR code:*

    .. figure:: /_static/images/services/lnbits/left-qr.png
        :width: 40%
        :alt: left-qr

    *If you are happy for this wallet to be able to both receive and MAKE payments scan this QR code:*

    .. figure:: /_static/images/services/lnbits/right-qr.png
        :width: 40%
        :alt: right-qr

> #. Once scanned, name the wallet if you wish then hit **SAVE NODE CONFIG**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Once scanned, name the wallet if you wish, then hit **SAVE NODE CONFIG**.
```

    .. figure:: /_static/images/services/lnbits/plus-icon.png
      :width: 60%
      :alt: plus-icon

    Let's add 1000 satoshis:

    .. figure:: /_static/images/services/lnbits/add-1000-sats.png
     :width: 60%
     :alt: add-1000-sats

    .. figure:: /_static/images/services/lnbits/1k-sats.png
      :width: 60%
      :alt: 1k-sats

    Alternatively you can simply hit **Request** in Zeus and receive by generating a standard lightning invoice:

    .. figure:: /_static/images/services/lnbits/zeus-request.png
      :width: 20%
      :alt: zeus-request

    .. note:: This will only work if your node has inbound liquidity. And you cannot send sats from the LND node LNbits is using as that is not a regular lightning payment - that is a reblanace.

#. Once you have added sats, you can click on this button within Zeus and see your new balance:

    .. figure:: /_static/images/services/lnbits/zeus-balance-button.png
      :width: 20%
      :alt: zeus-balance-button

    .. figure:: /_static/images/services/lnbits/zeus-balance.png
     :width: 20%
     :alt: zeus-balance

> Congratulations! Zeus is set up and ready to use lightning via your own lightning node - furthermore it will only be able to use your node in the way LNbits allows it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! Zeus is set up and ready to use lightning via your own lightning node - furthermore it will only be able to use your node in the way you allow it, via LNbits.
```
